Convert library to TypeScript using the new Juju facade schema. (#40)
juju/js-libjuju: README.md

# JS Jujulib

This project provides a JavaScript API client library for interacting with the Juju

> WebSocket API.

Reviewer: It would be nice to provide links to docs or existance of the API for readers to follow if interested.

Author: Good call, I'll update this to include the link directly to the client api once it's live (I don't know what the actual url will be until then) For now they can click through to the link below for the full api.

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Client API Reference](#client-api-reference)
- [Facade API Reference](#facade-api-reference)
- [Examples](#examples)
- [Library Maintenance](#library-maintenance)
  - [Updating Library Facades](#updating-library-facades)
  - [Releasing to NPM](#releasing-to-npm)

## Getting Started

In order to access the Juju API, a connection must be made, to either a Juju
controller or model.

```javascript
import ApplicationV5 from "jujulib/api/facades/application-v5.js";
import ClientV1 from "jujulib/api/facades/client-v1.js";
import ClientV2 from "jujulib/api/facades/client-v2.js";

const juju = await jujulib.connect(
  'wss://example.com/model/x-y-z/api',
  {facades: [ApplicationV5, ClientV1, ClientV2]}
);
```

> In the code above, a connection is being established to the provided model API URL, and the client declares to be interested in using the specified set of facades. When multiple versions of the same facade are included (like the two client versions in the example), the most recent version supported by the server is made available to the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the code above, a connection is being established to the provided model API URL, and the client declares interest in using the specified set of facades. 

**Note**: When multiple versions of the same facade are included (like the two client versions in the example above), the most recent version supported by the server is made available to the client.
```

Author: thanks, done

> The `connect` method returns a `juju` object which can be used to log into the controller or model by providing a userpass credentials or macaroons. See The various [examples](#examples) below.

Reviewer: Can you link to the "juju object" reference docs

Author: Yeah I can do that, see above about needing the 'actual' url. I'll do this as a follow-up.

## Client API Reference

Visit the [full API documentation](https://js-libjuju.github.io/) for detailed information on the Client API.

## Facade API Reference

> Defailed Facade documentation van be found by visiting the [full API documentation](https://js-libjuju.github.io/) or you can visit the facade source directly using the links below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defailed Facade documentation can be found by visiting the [full API documentation](https://js-libjuju.github.io/) or you can visit the facade source directly using the links below.
```

- [high-availability-v2.ts](api/facades/high-availability-v2.ts)
- [image-manager-v2.ts](api/facades/image-manager-v2.ts)
- [image-metadata-manager-v1.ts](api/facades/image-metadata-manager-v1.ts)
- [key-manager-v1.ts](api/facades/key-manager-v1.ts)
- [machine-manager-v6.ts](api/facades/machine-manager-v6.ts)
- [metrics-debug-v2.ts](api/facades/metrics-debug-v2.ts)
- [model-config-v2.ts](api/facades/model-config-v2.ts)
- [model-generation-v4.ts](api/facades/model-generation-v4.ts)
- [model-manager-v2.ts](api/facades/model-manager-v2.ts)
- [model-manager-v3.ts](api/facades/model-manager-v3.ts)
- [model-manager-v4.ts](api/facades/model-manager-v4.ts)
- [model-manager-v5.ts](api/facades/model-manager-v5.ts)
- [model-manager-v8.ts](api/facades/model-manager-v8.ts)
- [payloads-v1.ts](api/facades/payloads-v1.ts)
- [pinger-v1.ts](api/facades/pinger-v1.ts)
- [resources-v1.ts](api/facades/resources-v1.ts)
- [spaces-v6.ts](api/facades/spaces-v6.ts)
- [sshclient-v2.ts](api/facades/sshclient-v2.ts)
- [storage-v6.ts](api/facades/storage-v6.ts)
- [subnets-v4.ts](api/facades/subnets-v4.ts)
- [user-manager-v1.ts](api/facades/user-manager-v1.ts)

> - [user-manager-v2.ts](api/facades/user-manager-v2.ts)

Reviewer: Are these likely to get out of date?

Reviewer: I wonder if there is a single index generated by the docs?

Author: Nope this file is automatically generated when the facade is so it'll mirror the actual api.

## Examples

We have a number of examples showing how to perform a few common tasks. Those can be found in the examples folder.

- [add-machine.js](examples/add-machine.js)
- [deploy.js](examples/deploy.js)
- [login-with-bakery.js](examples/login-with-bakery.js)
- [ping.js](examples/ping.js)
- [watch-all-models.js](examples/watch-all-models.js)

> - [watch.js](examples/watch.js)

Reviewer: These will need to be kept up to date. Can you just link from "the examples folder" in the paragraph to the examples directory?

Author: See above about auto-generation.

## Library Maintenance

### Updating Library Facades

> The Juju facade API files are generated from a supplied Juju schema. To update these facades this project provides a build script that can be run with `npm run build`. This will generate the facades using the schema stored at `$GOPATH/src/github.com/juju/juju/apiserver/facades/schema.json`. It will also pull the SHA and Juju version from this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Juju facade API files are generated from a supplied Juju schema. To update these facades run with `npm run build` on this project. This will generate the facades using the schema stored at `$GOPATH/src/github.com/juju/juju/apiserver/facades/schema.json`. It will also pull the SHA and Juju version from this repository.
```

Author: thanks, done

### Releasing to NPM

> - Update the version number, respecting semver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the version number in package.json, respecting semver.
```

Author: done

- Run the tests with `npm test`.

> - Run the examples to ensure that everything works as expected.

Reviewer: How do you do that?

Author: updated.

- Upgrade the [Juju Dashboard](https://github.com/canonical-web-and-design/jaas-dashboard) to this version using `npm link` and ensure that everything works as expected.

> - Tag the version in the git repository with the version number from above.

Reviewer: Why not do a GitHub release which creates a tag and makes it easier for people to read release changes?

Author: I've actually always created the release from the tag, I didn't know it also worked the other way around :) Updated.

> - `npm publish`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `npm publish`. _If you do not have permission please ask a member of the Canonical web and design team_.
```

Author: done
